Dare to touch my young dogs
Do you really think there is no one in the whole family?
Cher
Whether there is a bright future ahead or difficulties and obstacles
Don't leave me
It's that Situ ancestor
Or my shameless father
We all have to face it together
Don't worry, after today
The world is so big
Let you and I travel
Hmph, let's go to hell and be a desperate mandarin duck
Go to hell.
Bold Chen Meixuan still dares to commit murder in front of the ancestors
Old Ancestor quickly came down to stand up for Susu's family
Humph, just killed two dogs
I will also demolish your Situ family
Okay, I'll witness to today's young people
A few catties and a few taels
You have reached such a forbidden area